Refresh X-Ray docs for timeline view (#530)
humanmade/altis-cloud: docs/dashboard/x-ray.md

## Understanding an XRay trace

Each HTTP request generates an "X-Ray trace" and provides many useful pieces of debugging information.

### Overview

![](../assets/xray-overview.png)

> The overview table provides quick information about the request, including requested URL, total duration, response code, and external API calls to the database and remote servers.

Reviewer: You mentioned this was response time rather than total duration now iirc?

Author: That was in the table view, but @joehoyle I guess we need to update the docs to reflect that change too?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The overview table provides quick information about the request, including requested URL, response time, response code, and external API calls to the database and remote servers.
```

Note that as the resolution of the whole flamegraph is 5ms, all times are rounded. Fast functions may still appear in the flamegraph if they happened to be running when the sample was taken, and for this reason, flamegraphs are more valuable for slower requests. (A 5ms interval is used as the sampling rate to ensure negligible performance overhead when collecting the profiles.)

### Request Data

![Example request data](../assets/xray-request.png)

The request tab displays data sent to and served from the server, including the client IP, request and response headers, and any other statistics generated by the request. This can assist in debugging unexpected behaviour by replicating the conditions, or finding unexpected header values.

Some information is redacted from the request data, for privacy reasons, including user passwords. You can redact additional information by filtering `aws_xray.redact_metadata_keys` or `aws_xray.redact_metadata`:

```php
// Redact keys from the metadata:
add_filter( 'aws_xray.redact_metadata_keys', function ( $keys ) {

>     $keys['$_POST'][] = 'rcp_user_pass';

Reviewer: This is a bit hard to understand, more so with the removal of what the metadata keys are e.g. `$_POST`, `$_GET` and `$_COOKIE`, `$_SERVER`.

When would I use redact metadata over redact metadata keys?

Author: I asked myself the same question; I think basically if you don't know the keys ahead of time

Reviewer: Right but we know some basics, I think this PR would be a good opportunity to expand on these filter docs but we can also add it later.

Reviewer: @rmccue do you have time to make these updates or do you need me to complete it?
